##PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 24, 2020.

Thank you for joining the online learning marketplace. We at PencilBox (“PencilBox”, “we”, “us”) respect your privacy and want you to understand how we collect, use, and share data about you. This Privacy Policy covers our data collection practices and describes your rights to access, correct, or restrict our use of your personal data.

Unless we link to a different policy or state otherwise, this Privacy Policy applies when you visit or use the PencilBox website, mobile applications, APIs or related services (the “Services”).

By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. You shouldn’t use the Services if you don’t agree with this Privacy Policy or any other agreement that governs your use of the Services.

1. WHAT DATA WE GET
We collect certain data from you directly, like information you enter yourself, data about your participation in courses, and data from third-party platforms you connect with PencilBox. We also collect some data automatically, like information about your device and what parts of our Services you interact with or spend time using.

2. HOW WE GET DATA ABOUT YOU
We use tools like cookies, web beacons, analytics services, and advertising providers to gather the data listed above. Some of these tools offer you the ability to opt out of data collection.

3. WHAT WE USE YOUR DATA FOR
We use your data to do things like provide our Services, communicate with you, troubleshoot issues, secure against fraud and abuse, improve and update our Services, analyze how people use our Services, serve personalized advertising, and as required by law or necessary for safety and integrity.

4. WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH
We share certain data about you with instructors, other students, companies performing services for us, PencilBox affiliates, our business partners, analytics and data enrichment providers, your social media providers, companies helping us run promotions and surveys, and advertising companies who help us promote our Services. We may also share your data as needed for security, legal compliance, or as part of a corporate restructuring. Lastly, we can share data in other ways if it is aggregated or de-identified or if we get your consent.

5. SECURITY
We use appropriate security based on the type and sensitivity of data being stored. As with any internet-enabled system, there is always a risk of unauthorized access, so it’s important to protect your password and to contact us if you suspect any unauthorized access to your account.

6. YOUR RIGHTS
You have certain rights around the use of your data, including the ability to opt out of promotional emails, cookies, and collection of your data by certain analytics providers. You can update or terminate your account from within our Services, and can also contact us for individual rights requests about your personal data. Parents who believe we’ve unintentionally collected personal data about their underage child should contact us for help deleting that information.

7. UPDATES & CONTACT INFO
When we make a material change to this policy, we’ll notify users via email, in-product notice, or another mechanism required by law. Changes become effective the day they’re posted. Please contact us via email or postal mail with any questions, concerns, or disputes.

If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please email us at info@pencilbox.edu.bd
